README.md, before:

| S No | Project Name | Domain | Repository | End-to-End |
| ------------ | -------------- | ---------- | --------- | --------- |
| 01 | Airbnb Price Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Airbnb-Price-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 02 | Article Scraper | Web Scraping | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Article-Web-Scraping) | 
| 03 | Boston House Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/House-Price-Prediction) |  <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 04 | Chatbot using Gemini Pro | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Gemini-ChatBot) | 
| 05 | Chatbot using OpenAI | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Chatbot-Using-Langchain) | 
| 06 | Respire: Chest Disease Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanM45/End-to-End-Chest-Disease-Classification) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 07 | Conversational Chatbot using OpenAI | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Conversational-Chatbot-using-Langchain) | 
| 08 | Diamond Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Getting-Started-with-Gemini) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 09 | Diabetes Disease Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Diabetes-Prediction-using-Machine-Learning) | 
| 10 | Doc-Genius | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/DocGenius-Revolutionizing-PDFs-with-AI) | 
| 11 | E-Commerce Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/E-Commerce-Data-Analysis) | 
| 12 | Flight Fare Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Flight-Fare-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 13 | Gold Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Gold-Price-Prediction) | 
| 14 | Hand Tracking using OpenCV | Computer Vision | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Hand-Tracking-Using-Opencv) |
| 15 | Heart Disease Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Heart-Disease-Prediction) |<p align="center">✔</p> |
| 16 | Image Scraper | Web Scraping | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Image-Scraping) |
| 17 | Indian Restaurant's Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Indian-Restaurants-Data-Analysis) |
| 18 | Medical Assistant using Gemini Pro | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Medical-Assisstant) |
| 19 | Medicine Recognition System | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Medicine-Recognition-System) |
| 20 | Movie Recommendation System | Recommendation System | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Movie-Recommendation-System) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 21 | Password Strength Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Checking-Password-Strength-using-Machine-Learning) |
| 22 | Rock vs Mine Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Rock-and-Mine-Detection) |
| 23 | Spam E-Mail Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Spam-Email-Detection) |
| 24 | Student Performance Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Student-Perfomance-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 25 | Text Generation using Google Gemini | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Getting-Started-with-Gemini) | 
| 26 | Virat Kohli Performance Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Virat-Kohli-Score-Analytics) | 
| 27 | Wine Quality Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Wine-Quality-Prediction) | 
| 28 | Market Insight | Agentic Workflows | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanM45/MarketInsight) | 


# Many more projects will be uploaded soon!

| S No | Project Name | Domain | Repository |
| ---- | ------------ | --------------- | ---------- |
| 01    | Deep Fake Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 02    | Arrhythmia Disease Detection | Classification | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 03    | Driver Drowsiness Detection | Computer Vision | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 04    | Diet Recommendation | Recommendation System | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 05    | Breast Cancer Detection | Classification | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 06    | Kidney Disease Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 07    | Text Summarisation | Natural Language Processing | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 08    | Brain Tumor Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 09    | Pneumonia Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 10    | Realtime Face Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |

Commit message:

Update README with project completion indicators and link
Added a completion indicator to the Market Insight project entry and included a link to follow on GitHub.

README.md, after:

| S No | Project Name | Domain | Repository | End-to-End |
| ------------ | -------------- | ---------- | --------- | --------- |
| 01 | Airbnb Price Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Airbnb-Price-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 02 | Article Scraper | Web Scraping | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Article-Web-Scraping) | 
| 03 | Boston House Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/House-Price-Prediction) |  <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 04 | Chatbot using Gemini Pro | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Gemini-ChatBot) | 
| 05 | Chatbot using OpenAI | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Chatbot-Using-Langchain) | 
| 06 | Respire: Chest Disease Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanM45/End-to-End-Chest-Disease-Classification) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 07 | Conversational Chatbot using OpenAI | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Conversational-Chatbot-using-Langchain) | 
| 08 | Diamond Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Getting-Started-with-Gemini) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 09 | Diabetes Disease Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Diabetes-Prediction-using-Machine-Learning) | 
| 10 | Doc-Genius | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/DocGenius-Revolutionizing-PDFs-with-AI) | 
| 11 | E-Commerce Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/E-Commerce-Data-Analysis) | 
| 12 | Flight Fare Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Flight-Fare-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 13 | Gold Price Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Gold-Price-Prediction) | 
| 14 | Hand Tracking using OpenCV | Computer Vision | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Hand-Tracking-Using-Opencv) |
| 15 | Heart Disease Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Heart-Disease-Prediction) |<p align="center">✔</p> |
| 16 | Image Scraper | Web Scraping | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Image-Scraping) |
| 17 | Indian Restaurant's Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Indian-Restaurants-Data-Analysis) |
| 18 | Medical Assistant using Gemini Pro | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Medical-Assisstant) |
| 19 | Medicine Recognition System | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Medicine-Recognition-System) |
| 20 | Movie Recommendation System | Recommendation System | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/End-to-End-Movie-Recommendation-System) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 21 | Password Strength Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Checking-Password-Strength-using-Machine-Learning) |
| 22 | Rock vs Mine Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Rock-and-Mine-Detection) |
| 23 | Spam E-Mail Detection | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Spam-Email-Detection) |
| 24 | Student Performance Prediction | Regression | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Student-Perfomance-Prediction) | <p align="center">✔</p> |
| 25 | Text Generation using Google Gemini | Generative AI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Getting-Started-with-Gemini) | 
| 26 | Virat Kohli Performance Data Analysis | MS Power BI | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Virat-Kohli-Score-Analytics) | 
| 27 | Wine Quality Prediction | Classification | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanMurapaka45/Wine-Quality-Prediction) | 
| 28 | Market Insight | Agentic Workflows | [![GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/KalyanM45/MarketInsight) | <p align="center">✔</p> |

 * For More End-to-End Projects: [<b>Follow me on GitHub</b>](https://github.com/KalyanM45/KalyanM45) 

# Many more projects will be uploaded soon!

| S No | Project Name | Domain | Repository |
| ---- | ------------ | --------------- | ---------- |
| 01    | Deep Fake Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 02    | Arrhythmia Disease Detection | Classification | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 03    | Driver Drowsiness Detection | Computer Vision | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 04    | Diet Recommendation | Recommendation System | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 05    | Breast Cancer Detection | Classification | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 06    | Kidney Disease Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 07    | Text Summarisation | Natural Language Processing | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 08    | Brain Tumor Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 09    | Pneumonia Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
| 10    | Realtime Face Detection | Deep Learning | ![Coming Soon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coming-Soon-orange.svg) |
